Propose changes to new `AUTHENTICATE` docs (#730)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: doc-surrealdb_versioned_docs/version-latest/surrealql/statements/define/access/jwt.mdx

## With `AUTHENTICATE` clause 

The `AUTHENTICATE` clause allows you to define a custom expression that will be executed when the token is verified. This expression will be executed in the context of the token, allowing you to perform additional checks on the token claims before the token is accepted. If the expression returns any value or throws any error, the token will be rejected.

#### Example: JWT User Authentication with Issuer and Audience Check

> This example sets up a token verification process for a system user on a database using JSON Web Tokens (JWT) with the HS512 algorithm for hashing. The `AUTHENTICATE` block contains conditions to verify the token's validity: it checks that the issuer (`iss`) of the token is "surrealdb-test" and throws an error if it is not. Similarly, it checks that the audience (`aud`) of the token is "surrealdb-test" and throws an error if it is not. If both checks pass, the token is considered valid. The session duration is set to 2 hours.

Author: ```suggestion
This example sets up additional token verification logic for a system user on a database using JSON Web Tokens (JWT) to authenticate. In this example, the HS512 algorithm is used to sign the token. The `AUTHENTICATE` block contains conditions to verify the token's validity: it checks that the issuer (`iss`) of the token is "surrealdb-test" and throws an error if it is not. Similarly, it checks that the audience (`aud`) of the token is "surrealdb-test" and throws an error if it is not. If both checks pass, the token is considered valid. The session duration is set to 2 hours.
```
